DISTPG-439 Upgrade from PG Community doc (#246)
percona/postgresql-docs: docs/migration.md

      8. Start the `postgresql` service. The installation process starts and initializes the default cluster automatically. You can check its status with: 

          ```sh
          $ sudo systemctl status postgresql
          ```         

         If `postresql` service is not started, start it manually:

           ```sh
           $ sudo systemctl start postgresql.service
           ```

=== "On RHEL and derivatives"

      1. Back up your data. The backup process is out of scope of this document. You can use `pg_dumpall` or other tools of your choice. 
      2. Stop the `postgresql` server   

          ```sh
          $ sudo systemctl stop postgresql-14
          ```

      3. Remove community packages

         ```sh
         $ sudo yum remove postgresql
         ```

      4. [Install percona-release](https://docs.percona.com/percona-software-repositories/installing.html)
      5. Enable the repository

           ```sh
           $ sudo percona-release setup ppg14
           ```

      6. [Install Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL packages](installing.md#install-percona-distribution-for-postgresql-packages)
      7. Restore the data from the backup.

>       8. Initialize the default cluster:

Author: Fixed

> # Migrate from PostgreSQL Community to Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL 

Reviewer: "PostgreSQL Community" somehow sounds weird to me (it reminds me of "Community Version" vs. "Enterprise Version"), but I admit I don't have a better suggestion. Maybe "Vanilla PostgreSQL" or "Upstream PostgreSQL"?

Author: It took me a while to figure put what Vanilla Postgres is. Perhaps we should use just PostgreSQL?

Reviewer: That's fine, but then we should clarify what we mean by "PostgreSQL" in a sentence - maybe "PostgreSQL binaries provided by the PostgreSQL community"? "by the upstream community"?

Author: Our product name is Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL :)

Author: Fixed

> Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL provides the PostgreSQL database and the tools, add-ons, and extensions in a package that is guaranteed to work together and is easy to deploy.

Reviewer: It's not really a "package" in the classical sense, how about this?
```suggestion
Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL provides the PostgreSQL database and the tools, add-ons, and extensions in a collection that is guaranteed to work together and is easy to deploy.
```

Author: Fixed

We encourage users to migrate from their PostgreSQL deployments to Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL. This document provides the migration instructions. 

Depending on your business requirements, you may migrate to Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL either [on the same server](#migrate-on-the-same-server) or [onto a different one](#migrate-on-a-different-server). 

## Migrate on the same server

> === "On Debian and Ubuntu"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "On Debian and Ubuntu Linux"
```

Author: Fixed

>      1. Back up your data. The backup process is out of scope of this document. You can use `pg_dumpall` or other tools of your choice. 

Reviewer: I would add a note about *why* we suggest creating a backup here. Is it just a precaution? Or do we need the backup for the actual migration process?

Author: I'd say, depending on the migration path. For in-place upgrade, this is rather a precaution since data remains on the same host. For migration to another host, if the users wants to transfer the data, it is required. @mu-samoylov please confirm, is my thinking correct?

Author: Updated

     2. Stop the `postgresql` server   

         ```sh
         $ sudo systemctl stop postgresql.service
         ```

     3. Remove community packages

         ```sh
         $ sudo apt-get --purge remove postgresql
         ```

      4. [Install percona-release](https://docs.percona.com/percona-software-repositories/installing.html)
      5. Enable the repository

           ```sh
           $ sudo percona-release setup ppg14
           ```

      6. [Install Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL packages](installing.md#install-percona-distribution-for-postgresql-packages)

>       7. Restore the data from the backup.

Reviewer: OK; so the backup/restore steps seem to be essential parts of the migration and there's no "in place" replacement possible? In that case, I think we should be more elaborate/explicit about how the backup and restore should be performed. This is definitely not out of the scope of this document then ;)

      8. Start the `postgresql` service. The installation process starts and initializes the default cluster automatically. You can check its status with: 

          ```sh
          $ sudo systemctl status postgresql
          ```         

         If `postresql` service is not started, start it manually:

           ```sh
           $ sudo systemctl start postgresql.service
           ```

> === "On RHEL and derivatives"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "On Red Hat Enterprise Linux and compatible derivatives"
```

To migrate from PostgreSQL Community to Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL on a different server, do the following:

**On the source server**:

1. Back up your data and all configuration files (such as `pg_hba.conf`, `postgresql.conf`, `postgresql.auto.conf`) using the tool of your choice.
2. Stop the `postgresql` service

    === "On Debian and Ubuntu"

         ```sh
         $ sudo systemctl stop postgresql.service
         ```

    === "On RHEL and derivatives"

         ```sh
         $ sudo systemctl stop postgresql-14
         ```

3. Optionally, remove PostgreSQL Community packages 

**On the target server**:

1. [Install percona-release](https://docs.percona.com/percona-software-repositories/installing.html) 
2. Enable the repository

    ```sh
    $ sudo percona-release setup ppg14
    ```

3. [Install Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL packages](installing.md#install-percona-distribution-for-postgresql-packages) on the target server.
4. Restore the data from the backup
5. Start `postgresql` service

    === "On Debian and Ubuntu"

         ```sh
         $ sudo systemctl start postgresql.service
         ```

>     === "On RHEL and derivatives"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    === "On Red Hat Enterprise Linux and compatible derivatives"
```

# Migrate from PostgreSQL to Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL 

> Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL is the PostgreSQL database and the extensions that are selected to cover the needs of the enterprise and are guaranteed to work together. Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL is available in a collection that is easy to deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL includes the PostgreSQL database and additional extensions that have been selected to cover enterprise needs and are guaranteed to work together. Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL is available as a software collection that is easy to deploy.
```
